# 2020-04-28 Meeting Notes

## Agenda
- Recap of last monthâ€™s action items
- Linux Foundation PR (Peter Hunn, Dan Selman)
- Community PR promotional strategy (Jolene Langlinais)

## Recap
- Mailing list for TSC with LF (Dan Selman)
- Hyperledger meetup organizers scheduling in May (John Carpenter)
- Legal approach around Cicero writing for AP (Tom Brookes)
- LF point of contact call scheduled this week (Peter Hunn)
  - Any questions forward to Peter Hunn
  - Will discuss Forum, events, establishing TSC, governance work
- Others will rollover to next month

## Notes
- Discussing [Global Legal Hackathon](https://challenge.globallegalhackathon.com/challenge-public/)
- [BSI Standards](https://standardsdevelopment.bsigroup.com/projects/2018-03267#/section) update 
  - Over 180 comments, good engagement, closes May 4
  - Spend next two to three months incorporating feedback
  - More opportunity after finalized
  - [IEEE](https://www.ieee.org/) have already reached out about incorporating this work
    - Similar involvement to BSI, alignment on goals
    - Not costless with resources

## Action Items
- Remind community about AP hosted PR (Jolene Langlinais)
- Blog post around GSoC announcement (Jolene Langlinais)
- Ensure marketing channels are accessible (Dan Selman)
  - twitter, LinkedIn, AP news, AP blog
  - Setting up mailing list
  - 1password?
- Can include a call for submissions in quarterly updates (Michael Grover)

## Attendees
- Dan Selman
- Jolene Langlinais
- John Carpenter
- Tom Brookes
- Peter Hunn
- Jerome Simeon
